Yoga MoCap 02

This package features a collection of 17 fbx animations for a bipedal humanoid character performing various Yoga moves in standing positions.

Tiger Pose: Character moves onto its hands and knees then pulls its right leg towards its back.  

Half Boat Pose: Character sits down then leans back with arms & legs extended, almost laying flat. 

Boat Pose: Character sits down and brings legs into chest and extends arms.  

Dolphin Plank Pose: Character gets down onto ground and extends legs while propping itself up with arms. Standard Plank position. 

Core Plank Pose: Character gets down onto ground and extends legs while propping itself up with arms. Character brings right leg up towards its chest then back down.  

One Legged Plank Pose: Character gets into plank pose then extends and lifts right leg into the air. 

Side Plank Pose: Character gets into plank pose then rolls onto its left arm and extends its right arm up in the air. Left hand supports weight.

Forearm Side Plank Pose: Character gets into plank pose then rolls onto its left forearm and extends its right arm up in the air. Left forearm supports weight.

Backbend Sequence 01: Character bends backwards, forwards, reaches towards the ground and extends its right leg backwards, then rotates to the left and extends its 
right arm. 

Backbend Sequence 02: Character gets onto hands and knees then bends head up and down. Character then sits up on its knees and reaches back to grab feet. Holds then 
releases.

Backbend Sequence 03: Character lays on its back and extends right leg up. Then moves into a crab form and extends right left once again. 

Backbend Sequence 03 Alt: Character lays on its back and extends right leg up. Then moves into a crab form and extends right left once again. Character then puts hands 
together behind its back while still arched like a crab. Holds then releases. 

Core Sequence 01: Character gets into plank pose then brings right leg forward, then extends it backwards. Character then rolls onto its left hand and extends its right 
arm up in the air. Left hand supports weight.

Core Sequence 02: Character gets into plank pose then bends over and extends pelvis into the air. Character then rolls onto its left forearm and extends its right arm up 
in the air. Left forearm supports weight.

Core Sequence 03: Character sits down and goes into Half Boat Pose then goes directly into Boat Pose. 

If you have any questions feel free to contact us at support@morromotion.com