Yoga MoCap 04

This package features a collection of 16 fbx animations for a bipedal humanoid character performing various Yoga moves in standing positions.

 Crow Pose: Character bends down to the ground. Puts hands onto ground and lifts rest of body up. Knees come into chest. 

 Downward Facing Dog: Character bends forward tocuhing the ground with hands. Extends feet backwards and makes a bridge with body.

 Flat Back Pose: Character bends over and reaches towards knees. 

 Flying Pigeon Pose: Character rests left knee on right knee then bends forwards and puts hands onto ground. Lifts body off ground and extends right leg back 
 towards the sky. Left leg is still off the ground.  

 Forearm Stand: Character gets onto hands and knees then shifts weight onto forearms and lifts legs up into the air. 

 Forward Fold Pose: Character bends down and touches the ground with hands. Puts head in between arms. 

 Four Limbed Staff Pose: Character moves to ground on hands and feet. Character bends arms bringing body closer to ground then extends arms again to push body up. 

 Hand Stand: Character bends forward and places hands onto ground. Shifts weight to hands and lifts legs into the air. 

 Koudinya Pose: Character bends forward and places hands onto ground, extends feet backwards creating a bridge with body. Right leg extends up into the air then 
 forward towards arms and finally extends out to the side. Left leg extends backwards. Body is off the ground with weight on hands. 

 Namaste Pose: Character brings hands together infront of body in a peaceful manner. 

 Plank Pose: Character bends down and puts hands onto ground. Extends legs backwards and lifts body off of ground. Weight is on hands and feet. 

 Scorpion Pose: Character gets down onto forearms and knees. Puts weight on forwarms and lifts legs up into the air. Legs bend overtop of body like a scorpion stinger. 

 Shoulder Stand: Character sits down onto ground then rolls backwards onto shuolders and extends legs up into the air. Hands support lower back.

 Sun Salutation A Sequence: Character moves into Downward Facing Dog Pose, then moves into a Hand Stand, then quickly into Flat Back Pose and Forward Fold Pose. 
 Character then reaches up towards the sky then back towards ground and knees again. Then character reaches to the ground with hands and lifts legs off ground and 
 bounces them backwards, extending them out in the process. Character moves into Four Limbed Staff Pose then Upward Dog Pose, then finally back to Downard Facing 
 Dog Pose and back to rest.  

 Tadasana Pose: Character extends arms at sides with palms open, facing forwards. 

 Upward Facing Dog Pose: Character bends down to ground and extends legs backwards. Weight is on hands and feet, body off ground. Character bends spine inwards and
 lifts head up towards the sky. Back is curved.   

If you have any questions feel free to contact us at support@morromotion.com